[Music]
last time on another
we met koichi sakibara who just
transferred to yomiyama middle school
it didn't take long for him to realize
that talking to this
ignored girl may is not the most popular
thing to do
it's because ignoring may is the only
thing
stopping random people dying in random
ways
but tough luck on that one this is all
explained in the previous video
so make sure you check that one out in
the eye above
otherwise we will answer all the
unanswered questions in this episode
and finish the another anime if you want
to see what happens
including all the messed up parts stay
tuned for the breakdown
if you recall in episode 4 the nurse who
was
best buddies with koichi died and the
class is still feeling fear as they
realize that people are dying in
yomiyama
finally koichi sees the connection too
but
izumi okazawa the head of
countermeasures
has a countermeasure that koichi isn't
ready for
the entire class is dismissed at one
point to take part in a new plan
to prevent a calamity from happening
when one of koichi's friends the one
with a heart problem
dies of a heart attack that new
countermeasure
is definitely a go-to i mean just look
at him on the ground dying
next morning miss mikami ignores koichi
including many other students it's a new
rule now to ignore
koichi and mei masaki as if they don't
exist
well now mei and koichi are kindred
spirits
he's happy that she truly exists and
she's happy that she's not all the way
alone
so let me just explain why the class is
ignoring mei and koichi
26 years ago class 3 had a student
who died named masaki yomiyama
but the rest of his classmates pretended
as if he was still alive
for some rare reason this caused a shift
in the connection
between the living world and the
underworld
in every subsequent class 3 after the
death of misaki yomiyama
there exists one student or faculty
member
who is actually dead or ghost
but they don't know it then you would
ask
well when they just know who has already
died
actually no this weird phenomenon not
only brings back the dead
in class 3 but also makes everybody
in yomiyama forget about the person who
had died
as if they never died in the first place
the phenomenon even has the power to
change
records so the presence of an extra
student
who is actually dead causes a final
destination type curse
in which random people connected to
class 3 die
in horrific ways the way that you can
stop people from dying
is by pretending one real student
doesn't exist
so that the extra dead student whoever
that may be
is counted regularly as if it's an even
class
well that student who is treated to not
exist
was chosen to be mae masaki but koichi
messed it up by talking with her
so the new class rule is to treat them
both like they don't exist
to strengthen this little charm and stop
more deaths from happening
so this just leaves more room for mei
and koichi to bond
like dancing crazy and completely out of
character in class
while not existing this is just koichi
having fantasies about his little
girlfriend here in class
the next day at class things are crazy
it practically
is single-handedly the reason we made
videos on
another the main teacher of the class
comes to school like a zombie one day
he comes in class and slams his bag on
the desk
good morning class he says before
apologizing to them and speaking
nonsense
he grabs a big ass knife out of his bag
and inches it
towards his throat the animation is
kinda different during this part
but he stabs himself in the neck
squirting blood all over the students
choking on his own blood this scene
bothers me because i practically have a
phobia
of obstructing breathing i love
breathing he's over here really
scarring these kids and destroying his
throat at the same time
he lets blood flow all out of his neck
before falling down
that's the most disturbing moment right
there good lord
the teacher killed his sick mother first
before killing himself
why couldn't he just do that [ __ ] at
home you have to come to school
and scar a bunch of 9th graders the fact
that the teacher
killed himself means that pretending
that koichi and may don't exist
doesn't work there is a way to stop this
calamity though
15 years ago when koichi's aunt was in
school there also was a calamity
also i apologize i called her his sister
in the previous video
that's kind of a compliment i guess 15
years ago the calamity stopped
mid-year after class three of that year
visited the yomiyama shrine on mount
yamiyama
the new maine teacher miss mikami
figures that
we need to take this class trip as well
koichi is starting to feel guilty now
though
he has nightmares where people melt a
guilt dream that resembles
junji ito style so anyway they are
planning on doing that same class trip
to stop the calamity
but the phenomenon has taken away
the memories of koichi's aunt from
revealing what really happened on that
class trip 15 years ago
soon all the main friends leave yomiyama
to chill at the beach
the anxiety during the car ride there is
heavy but they make it out safe
see once you leave yomiyama the curse of
death doesn't apply
they go to the beach which gives me
heavy persona 3 vibes
and look may's here too she didn't come
with the group but she's just on a trip
with her family
the group all decide to cook their own
little fishy meal
the best they possibly can this guy here
is a classmate of koichi's aunt but he's
very important remember 15 years ago the
calamity
ended early and it's all because of him
however
he has totally forgot what he did
because of that phenomenon right
the only thing he remembers is that he
hid a tape recording
of the steps in the old classroom
suddenly
strong winds push a beach ball away
this student named junta goes to
retrieve the ball
and swims pretty far out however
suddenly the class sees he has stopped
moving and then a boat comes out of
nowhere towards him
the boat supposedly kills junta by
hitting his head and ripping up and
contorting his body
this makes it look like the curse has
extended past
yomiyama koichi and the gang better get
to that classroom
and figure out what to do so the police
investigate junta's death and it turns
out that junta was going to die
whether he went to the beach or not that
night before leaving on the trip
he hid his head on the stairs this gave
him a brain aneurysm
which caused motion sickness while he
was swimming out towards the ball
his brain aneurysm burst instantly
killing him before the boat
ripped apart his body so yeah the curse
it only seems to attempt killing and
yomiyama
if it can't kill you outside then it
will make the conditions for you to die
outside a team that includes koichi
mei naoya who i call jock and
yuya search for the tape recording that
has the steps to stop the calamity
that tape recording is in the old class
3 upstairs
inside of an old shelf that tape was
recorded by
this guy remember he stopped the
calamity 15 years ago
his class went on that class trip to the
shrine
he explains on the tape that after
praying at the shrine
storms filled the skies one guy
literally gets struck by lightning
a girl trips and falls down the mountain
damn this anime would make an excellent
kill count right before
the guy on the tape says what he did to
stop the calamity
the teacher comes in and they got a
metal gear and hide
whatever it is at the end of that tape
they need to harry and listen
one girl and her entire family is killed
running away from yomiyama
a rock hits the windshield and they
drive off a cliff i think that was the
girl that
uh had a little crush on koichi this
girl remember
another girl finds out that her brother
has been brutally
crushed by a runaway construction
vehicle
this is probably the craziest calamity
ever
all the students are then taken on that
class trip
they stay at the bottom of the mountain
in this extravagant building
once they get to their rooms they listen
to the tape and find out
how to stop the calamity see 15 years
ago
the guy had got into a fight with a
classmate
this fight accidentally ended in his
dying by being impaled on a branch this
is the sin
he mentions on the tape he killed
someone on
accident but nobody discovers the body
when he looked for the body later it
disappeared
when he asked the classmates where his
classmate is
they didn't even know who that classmate
was
so he killed the extra student by
coincidence
and it is him only him
that remembers and made sure to record
his thoughts
before the higher powers made him forget
that's how you stop this final
destination [ __ ] from happening kill
the extra dead student but like i said
earlier
they won't remember who has already died
so they have to figure it out their own
way
then there is the big question if they
can kill someone for the sake of
everyone else
even if that person is already dead
soon the class all converged for one big
dinner meeting
akazawa gets up to make a speech about
the recent events and then blames
may for not being non-existent good
enough
i'd blend koichi honestly but good
looking out standing up for your home
girl
she asks him to come to her room later
on now like that y'all she just wants to
tell him her origin story that's all
we've been throwing around this name
masaki a lot
it should just be treated as a common
name in this story
mei masaki turns out her cousin that
died that she went to go visit in the
beginning
is actually her twin sister masaki the
sister
died as a result of that little curse
right
but she did not want to believe that her
other half would die from something like
that
may is special in that her doll eye can
tell
that people are dead or not so in other
words
if she takes off her eye patch then she
can see
who the extra student is well turns out
she already knows who it is right before
she tells him
now oya here comes in saying that he
[ __ ] up bad
he has accidentally killed someone in a
fight
when they go check it out someone grabs
koichi
he's been stabbed many times by someone
in fact
the whole dining room is on fire manager
completely murdered and brutalized
looks like a killer is on the loose i
would say let's get ready for a class
trial but this is an ongoing threat the
paranoia
of the calamity has taken control of the
students
including takako here who commands the
entire class
to go against mei masaki they believe
she is the extra student also they know
about the recording tape so that's why
they are hunting her
this hectic classmate almost murders
miss makami with a hit to the head that
was meant for masaki
nonetheless they band together and knock
all the bloodthirsty girls out of the
way
man koichi hide in the stairwell as
some poor sap takes the brunt of an
explosion from the kitchen
they couldn't hide from takako for long
who stabs koichi
but mei maneuvers quickly and the
calamity claims itself another victim
takako gets stuck in some wires and
suffocates painfully in front of our
main students
mei picks up her weapon but akuzawa sees
it thinking that may is hostile
seeing all this chaos may ask whether
killing the
extra student will stop all of it before
running away from koichi
koichi goes looking for her but gets
into conflict with kazami
who murders a girl right in front of him
this is the guy that naoya almost killed
he thinks the extra student is koichi
and rushes towards him
it's not too long before he gets knocked
the [ __ ] out by akuzawa though
negan level hit akazawa runs away to
find may
and soon we see that they are about to
duel it out
it's only a miracle that mae isn't there
yet but she does get
knocked the mess out you can see her
fold come off right there
may she sees death in akazawa because
she's [ __ ] dead now
a lightning strike destroys the window
above
causing shards of glass to impale
okazawa
to the wall before dying she finally
remembers a memory that was suppressed
by the phenomenon
when she first met koichi in the
hospital she kept thinking that she met
him before but couldn't remember
what she did right after the death of
her brother
koichi had just moved to town and
confided in her that day
he said he lost someone close too
seems like he lost someone pretty recent
though so who died for you koichi
akazawa dies telling him about their
first
encounter koichi chases from may who has
finally found
where the extra student is she knew who
it was for a while and turns out that
the extra student
or faculty member is miss makami
i predicted this like in episode four
this isn't the weird part though
the weird part is that miss makami
is actually koichi's aunt
i just call her his aunt but her name is
reiko
somehow koichi had a mental block
that prevented him from realizing that
his aunt
was also his assistant teacher here
nobody knew this so koichi's aunt here
is the teacher miss mikami here
it's confusing for me too the thing is
though that mae masaki knew that miss
mikami was the extra student
slash faculty member for a while because
her doll
eye could see the death in the person
and she saw it all over miss makami
aka koichi's aunt upon realizing it
she secondly realizes that she witnessed
miss mccomi get murdered prior to the
school year
her body dumped in the damn we saw a
while ago
so they must kill her to stop the
calamity
she's already dead she just needs to
realize it
koichi takes it upon himself to kill
miss mikami like it's his responsibility
he remembers that his aunt reiko or miss
mikami has died
the phenomenon affects him no more and
he then
kills miss mikami aka his aunt sending
her back to the afterlife
the calamity is finally over i guess
it's time for a new beginning one aided
by koichi and may who
are going to be good friends naoya and
yuya
make sure to record a tape telling the
next class 3
what they should do in case of a
calamity
the end so mei
you knew who the extra student was for a
while and you don't think that should be
told to anybody my thing is mae should
have spat that out
that she knew that the extra student who
it was because
this so-called calamity claimed way too
many people to the point that the
calamity was
finished before they killed miss mikami
she didn't tell koichi because she
didn't want him to be
sad but i mean she already died he
already got through with it
and that's basically it for another i
noticed that
they really just stopped this year's
calamity they didn't stop
all calamities but at least may could
use their doll eye to help other classes
perhaps
now let's talk about the most disturbed
moment and most enjoyed moment and that
spooky stuff
[Music]
the most disturbed moment is without a
doubt the suicide of the teacher
the animation is actually seen different
during it
compared to the rest of the series not
to mention it's bloody
long and very memorable most enjoyed
moment is that the students all went to
the mansion that was the setting
of resident evil 1 so there's no wonder
no wonder that so many
people died and that's it i hope you
guys enjoyed the another anime series
if you got any suggestions for the next
anime series just
send me a dm or email i'll note all of
them
thanks for watching spooky out